readme.md, before:

<table width="100%">
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">
            <a href="https://replexica.com">
                <img src="/content/banner.dark.png" width="100%" />
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3" align="center">
            Supported and backed by
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://www.warp.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=replexica_20240626">
                <img src="/content/warp.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://www.esade.edu/en/learning-innovation/rambla/eworks">
                <img src="/content/eworks.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://foundershub.startups.microsoft.com">
                <img src="/content/ms-f-hub.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

# Replexica

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/replexica/replexica)
[![Release](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/replexica/replexica)](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

[Website](https://replexica.com) •
[Discord](https://replexica.com/go/discord) •
[Docs](https://replexica.com/go/docs)

Replexica is an AI-powered i18n platform, to ship multilingual apps fast.

## Getting Started

Check out our [Docs](https://replexica.com/go/docs) for more detailed guides on how to use Replexica with your app.

## Authors

* **[Veronica](https://github.com/vrcprl)** - Data Science, and LLMs.
* **[Max](https://github.com/maxprilutskiy)** - React, Typescript, and Compilers.

## Community

If you're company is building a modern app that's used by people all over the world – Replexica is for you!

* 🌍 Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/GeK6AuSqzw) and tell us what you like, what you don't like, what you'd like to see next.
* 🌟 Leave a star on our [GitHub](https://github.com/replexica/replexica).
* 🐞 Report bugs with [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/issues) and we'll fix them as soon as we physically can.
* 🏗️ If you're a developer, and you'd like to contribute to Replexica, check out our [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Replexica README in other languages

🇪🇸 [Español](/readme/es.md) •
🇫🇷 [Français](/readme/fr.md) •
🇮🇳 [हिन्दी](/readme/hi.md) •
🇯🇵 [日本語](/readme/ja.md) •
🇰🇷 [한국어](/readme/ko.md) •
🇷🇺 [Русский](/readme/ru.md) •
🇩🇪 [Deutsch](/readme/de.md) •
🇸🇦 [العربية](/readme/ar.md) •
🇨🇳 [中文](/readme/zh.md)<br> •
🇵🇰 [اردو](/readme/ur.md) •
🇮🇷 [فارسی](/readme/fa.md)

Commit message:

docs: add info about experimental compiler to the readme

readme.md, after:

<table width="100%">
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">
            <a href="https://replexica.com">
                <img src="/content/banner.dark.png" width="100%" />
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3" align="center">
            Supported and backed by
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://www.warp.dev/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=replexica_20240626">
                <img src="/content/warp.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://www.esade.edu/en/learning-innovation/rambla/eworks">
                <img src="/content/eworks.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
        <td width="33%">
            <a target="_blank" href="https://foundershub.startups.microsoft.com">
                <img src="/content/ms-f-hub.dark.png" />
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

# Replexica

![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/replexica/replexica)
[![Release](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/actions/workflows/release.yml)
[![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/replexica/replexica)](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

[Website](https://replexica.com) •
[Discord](https://replexica.com/go/discord) •
[Docs](https://replexica.com/go/docs)

Replexica is an AI-powered i18n platform, to ship multilingual apps fast.

## Getting Started

Check out our [Docs](https://replexica.com/go/docs) for more detailed guides on how to use Replexica with your app.

## Experimental JavaScript/React compiler

Besides i18n tools and Replexica CLI, this repo contains an experimental JavaScript compiler. It automates making a web app multilingual without code changes or string extraction: works during build time, taking just 1 minute to plug in. You can find a brief demo [here](https://x.com/MaxPrilutskiy/status/1781011350136734055). The compiler automatically handles the entire process, eliminating manual work. It's experimental, currently under development, and not yet ready for production use. To contribute, please star this repo and reach out to us. We've got 30+ contributors on the waitlist, and you're welcome to join as well. Contact our CTO Max on Discord or via email (max@replexica.com).

## Authors

* **[Veronica](https://github.com/vrcprl)** - Data Science, and LLMs.
* **[Max](https://github.com/maxprilutskiy)** - React, Typescript, and Compilers.

## Community

If you're company is building a modern app that's used by people all over the world – Replexica is for you!

* 🌍 Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/GeK6AuSqzw) and tell us what you like, what you don't like, what you'd like to see next.
* 🌟 Leave a star on our [GitHub](https://github.com/replexica/replexica).
* 🐞 Report bugs with [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/issues) and we'll fix them as soon as we physically can.
* 🏗️ If you're a developer, and you'd like to contribute to Replexica, check out our [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Replexica README in other languages

🇪🇸 [Español](/readme/es.md) •
🇫🇷 [Français](/readme/fr.md) •
🇮🇳 [हिन्दी](/readme/hi.md) •
🇯🇵 [日本語](/readme/ja.md) •
🇰🇷 [한국어](/readme/ko.md) •
🇷🇺 [Русский](/readme/ru.md) •
🇩🇪 [Deutsch](/readme/de.md) •
🇸🇦 [العربية](/readme/ar.md) •
🇨🇳 [中文](/readme/zh.md)<br> •
🇵🇰 [اردو](/readme/ur.md) •
🇮🇷 [فارسی](/readme/fa.md)
