packages/cli/README.md, before:

# Replexica CLI Package

This package is part of the [Replexica](https://github.com/replexica/replexica) project, an i18n toolkit for React designed to help you ship multi-language apps quickly.

## Overview

The Replexica CLI is a command-line interface for interacting with the Replexica platform. It provides a set of tools to manage translations and integrate with the Replexica API, streamlining the process of internationalizing your React applications.

## Features

- **Translation Management**: Simplify the process of adding, updating, and deleting translations across your projects.
- **Integration with Replexica API**: Seamlessly interact with the Replexica API to fetch and push translation data.
- **Automation**: Automate repetitive tasks related to internationalization, saving time and reducing errors.

## Contributing

Contributions to the Replexica CLI are welcome! Please read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how you can help improve this tool.

## License

The Replexica CLI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/LICENSE). Feel free to use and modify the code in accordance with this license.

For more information and usage instructions, please refer to the main [Replexica repository](https://github.com/replexica/replexica).

Commit message:

feat(cli): interactive init command (#404)
Init command accepts parameters:
- `-h, --help` show help
- `-f --force` overwrite existing config
- `-s --source <locale>` source locale
- `-t --targets <locale...>` list of target locales
- `-b, --bucket <type>` type of bucket
- `-p, --paths <path...>` list of paths for the bucket
- `-y, --no-interactive` Disable interactive mode

The command runs in interactive mode by default, asking each parameter.

After init completes:
- in interactive mode it asks user to:
    - open documentation
    - login to CLI, if not authenticated already
- in non-interactive mode it:
    - displays if user is authenticated
    - displays link to docs

packages/cli/README.md, after:

# Replexica CLI Package

This package is part of the [Replexica](https://github.com/replexica/replexica) project, an i18n toolkit for React designed to help you ship multi-language apps quickly.

## Overview

The Replexica CLI is a command-line interface for interacting with the Replexica platform. It provides a set of tools to manage translations and integrate with the Replexica API, streamlining the process of internationalizing your React applications.

## Features

- **Translation Management**: Simplify the process of adding, updating, and deleting translations across your projects.
- **Integration with Replexica API**: Seamlessly interact with the Replexica API to fetch and push translation data.
- **Automation**: Automate repetitive tasks related to internationalization, saving time and reducing errors.

## Development

Install dependencies:

```bash
pnpm install
```

Build and watch for changes:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Run any of the commands from your local environment:

```bash
node build/index.js [options] [command]
```

## Contributing

Contributions to the Replexica CLI are welcome! Please read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how you can help improve this tool.

## License

The Replexica CLI is released under the [MIT License](https://github.com/replexica/replexica/blob/main/LICENSE). Feel free to use and modify the code in accordance with this license.

For more information and usage instructions, please refer to the main [Replexica repository](https://github.com/replexica/replexica).
